Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
All right.
Ready?
So, what's the big surprise?
A whole shelf. lt's all for you.
Well, l'm touched.
Well, you said
you needed more room
and l kind of like the idea
of your books in my locker.
Well, l kind of like the idea
of my books in your locker too.
But moving in together,
that's an awfully big step, isn't it?
l mean,
what would your parents think?
They think l'm nuts anyway.
- Wow, what a week.
- Thank God it's Friday.
- So, what's going on this weekend?
- Nothing.
You wanna go see a movie?
No, anything that's worth seeing,
l've already seen.
How about miniature golf?
Donna, you've been hanging out
with David a little too long.
l thought that once l got my licence the
whole world would be at my disposal.
l think that's after you turn 21 .
- Well, if it isn't the happy couple.
- Hey, ladies.
What are you up to this weekend?
Something disgustingly romantic?
We have no plans.
Actually, l made plans, but
you guys can join us, if you're up to it.
- Well, what did you have in mind?
- This.
- l don't get it. An egg?
- Let me see this.
lt's this incredibly
hip underground club.
lt changes its location every week.
Sounds fun, if you're over 21 .
You don't have to be.
There's no age limit.
The music is great,
the people are cool.
- And anything goes.
- Cool.
lt is. l used to go to these things
all the time in San Francisco.
There's nothing like it.
So where did you get that thing?
Some guy was giving them out
on Melrose.
But this isn't the address of the club.
This is the address where you go
to exchange an egg.
- Exchange an egg?
- You'll see.
So, Brandon, are you gonna go?
Sure, why not?
Sounds like an experience.
Just so long as l don't have to dance.
- So are you in?
- Sure. l...
Definitely. We're in.
Andrea,
you gotta come with us tonight.
We're gonna delve deep
into the seedy underbelly
of the L.A. underground club scene.
ls this an article you're writing
behind my back?
No, actually, we were gonna go
just for fun.
Oh, well, l don't think so.
Come on, Andrea,
you remember fun.
Or is it such a foreign concept
these days?
Hey. What's all this
underground-club business
that's been going down without me?
Steve,
aren't you supposed to be in class?
Not until l find out
what's going on tonight.
Well, be at the Peach Pit at 1 0:30.
And then we are going to go
and exchange this.
l don't get it.
We're supposed to exchange an egg
at a convenience store downtown,
at which point they will then clue us in
to the actual club location.
What's the big secret?
Cops love to bust any place
kids wanna go and have a good time.
Not unless there's something illegal
going on.
Well, l hear
those places are raging babe-fests.
And if that's illegal,
then l'm public enemy number one.
So, Andrea, what about it? You in?
l don't know. No.
l'd understand if you're scared.
Actually, it would be a terrific piece
for the Blaze.
- But...
- Andrea, be my date.
And what about
the raging babe-fest?
Well, this way, they'll think l'm taken
and they'll want me more.
Well, if you guys
aren't gonna write about it, l will.
All right, then, it's settled.
What are you gonna tell your mom?
This thing doesn't get started
until pretty late.
Brenda's mom doesn't worry about her
because she knows she's with me.
l don't know. l guess we're gonna have
to make up something.
- What are you gonna tell your mom?
- The truth.
My mom's got this thing
with lying lately.
So long as l'm straight with her,
she lets me do anything l want.
Wow, Bren, maybe your mom
should have a talk with Kelly's mom.
What do you think?
- lt won't work. Trust me.
- No.
We'll just tell them
that we're gonna be out late studying.
On a Friday night, dressed like this?
Okay, we'll be half-honest
and tell them we're going to a party.
Well, that does have
a kernel of truth to it.
But what if they ask whose party?
We'll make up a name.
- Bran, l hate lying to them.
- Okay, fine, we'll keep it simple, then.
We'll tell them we're going out to
get a bite to eat
and going out to see a movie.
- What movie?
- Attack of the Killer Tomatoes.
There's a midnight show
every Friday night in Westwood.
Well, that could work.
l hope you're not planning
on breathing tonight.
Yeah,
these are definitely inhale-only.
So where you off to anyway?
Just going out with everybody, Brenda,
Brandon, Donna, Steve, Dylan, Emily--
- Well, l know. But where?
- Honestly?
We're going to an underground club
that Emily knows about.
Wait a second.
l just saw an expose of those clubs
on the news.
- You did?
- Yeah.
They're illegal
and they're in horrible neighbourhoods.
Really? l'll let you know.
Oh, no, you won't. l can't let you go.
l can't believe this. l tell you the truth
and you totally turn it against me.
Kelly, l appreciate your honesty,
but just because you tell the truth
doesn't mean you can go off
and do whatever you want.
There used to be a time
when you were in such a fog
that l could do whatever l wanted
and you wouldn't know the difference.
The good old days.
Mother, l'm gonna be the only one
who's not going.
Well, then you're probably
the only one who told the truth. Sorry.
This is the most
ghoulish conversation.
- We're going out.
- Have fun.
We're just gonna grab a--
We might be home a little late.
Would it be all right
if we're a little late for curfew?
Why? What's going on?
- Oh, this thing.
- Thing, yeah.
- All right, 1 a.m., no later.
- One-thirty, Dad?
All right, 1 :30.
- Two?
- Don't push it, sweetie.
You guys will be together?
- Absolutely.
- Definitely.
- All right, 1 :30. Have fun.
- Drive safely.
Well, this is history in the making.
My daughter's actually studying
on a Friday night.
lt's not like l have any choice.
Good night, sweetheart.
l'm going to Mel's,
but l won't be home too late.
- Well, at least one of us has a life.
- Kelly.
l'm just kidding. Tell Mel l said hi.
- l will.
- Okay.
Brandon,
are you sure you wanna do this?
Yeah, l'm sure. But if you're
feeling any doubts, don't come.
No, it's just that l feel like we're all here
because Emily said so.
You really don't like her, do you?
Brandon, she's your girlfriend.
That's all that matters.
- Brenda, Brandon.
- Hi.
Hey, something up here?
This isn't the Peach Pit attire.
Yeah, we're heading out to
this place.
Yeah? Well, have fun at that place.
And you take care of my pal.
Don't let him get in any trouble.
He's got the early shift tomorrow.
- Everybody ready?
- Yeah.
Where's Steve and Andrea?
- They haven't shown up yet.
- l bet they bailed.
Yeah, l bet they're stuck in traffic
somewhere.
Well, guys, if we don't exchange
that egg by midnight,
we might not get in at all.
Exchange an egg.
That's cool. That's very cool.
l like that.
- What? lt's very cool.
- You look like Johnny Cash.
Donna, why does David have to go
with us everywhere we go?
Kelly, get used to it.
This is it?
- Hi.
l'd like to exchange an egg.
- Ten dollars, please.
- Ten dollars?
- Yes.
- Anything else, please?
l'll have some gum.
- Water.
- Popcorn.
- A bottle of whisky.
- David.
- That's $1 6, please.
- l got it.
This is it? This is the place?
You guys,
can you believe he sold this to me?
He didn't even check my lD.
Would you shut up already, David?
Trust me, nobody even remotely cares.
Well, guys, we're here.
- lt looks kind of creepy.
- Plus, there's not even a bouncer.
Well, they figure if you're crazy enough
to find the place, they'll let you in.
You know, l don't think that
we're too late to still go see a movie.
Oh, we're way past popcorn
and gummy bears now, guys.
l'm in there.
Bren, listen, there's something
Emily didn't tell you about this club.
What?
l mean, people do come for the music
and the dancing and all that,
but some of them just come
for the drugs.
Dylan, are you gonna be okay?
Yeah, yeah. l mean,
just because they're in there,
doesn't mean we have to do them.
All right?
- Okay.
- Come on, let's have fun.
Well, l definitely don't think
we're in Kansas anymore.
l don't even think
we're in L.A. anymore.
And we are definitely not
in Beverly Hills.
Wow, this is trippy.
What's trippy? What are you doing,
Silver, taking acid?
No, it's an expression.
Oh, kind of like ''groovy'' or ''far out''?
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
Yeah, David. You're just so hip,
so happening, right?
So anyone care to join me?
No. You know, David,
you're such a geek.
l don't want you
barfing all over my Beemer, okay?
He's turning into a lush on us.
Kelly, not everyone who has a drink
or two is an alcoholic.
That's right.
You know,
l never thought l'd actually say this,
but l'm starting to feel twinges
of nostalgia for Steve.
l know how you feel.
Life can be really depressing
without a boyfriend.
You know, l hate to say this, because
Brandon likes her and everything,
but there's something about Emily
that just rubs me the wrong way.
Well, she obviously rubs somebody
the right way.
- Damn it.
- l guess everybody's gone.
Well, what'd you expect, Andrea?
Your grandmother held us hostage
for an hour,
telling us stories
about challah and Pesach.
That's because you asked for seconds
on the chopped liver.
Hey, the chopped liver was good.
l can't believe they blew us off though.
lt's about time you showed up.
l have a message for you.
- Good. Did they say where they went?
- Better. She drew a map.
Who did?
Brandon's girlfriend?
- They said to give you this.
- An egg?
Andrea, get with the drill.
You go to this address
and you ask to exchange that.
That's ridiculous.
Sweetheart, l couldn't have said it
better myself.
Both of you, go, go, go.
Thanks, Nat. But do you know
where Alvarado Street is?
- l'll get it, l'll get it, just go.
- l'm sorry.
- l'll get it.
- You've gotta be kidding me.
l'm sorry, l didn't mean to do it.
l'll do anything you want, just so long
as you don't make me dance, okay?
- l'll wash your car.
- l don't have one.
l'll buy one for you and wash it.
l'll let you have the marshmallows
out of my Lucky Charms.
l'll change your cat litter, anything.
Just so long as l never,
ever have to dance again.
Well, haven't you heard?
Dancing is the key to popularity.
What about that guy over there?
He's not dancing,
he's the most popular guy here.
Don't stare.
l'm not. Why? You know him?
You see the 4 on his shirt?
He sells Euphoria.
What, the mood or the drug?
What do you think?
What, he sells it right here, out in the
open, in front of God and everybody?
Sure. Twenty-five bucks a hit.
lt's supposed to be worth it too.
You've never done it, huh?
No, have you?
lt's supposed to really get rid
of your inhibitions.
Well, l like my inhibitions.
l'm used to them.
Hey, you guys. Sitting here,
soaking up the atmosphere?
The atmosphere? l think this place is
the hole in the ozone layer. But l like it.
Check out Rico Suave over there.
Have l infiltrated couples' corner?
- No, Kel, sit down.
- l feel like a fifth wheel.
Now, Kelly, it's okay to be single.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, there's tons of guys here.
Yeah, l mean, check out that guy
over there. He's pretty buff.
Brenda, you can see his nipples.
Maybe we ought to get us
some of them fishnet shirts.
They seem pretty popular.
No, actually, l've got my eye
on this rubber jumpsuit l saw earlier.
lt's a pretty hot item.
- Hey, he's not bad.
- Which one?
The guy over there
with the 4 on his shirt.
Kelly, he's a drug dealer.
Oh, and how would you know,
Brandon?
l'm a journalist. lt's my job.
Oh, really? ls Jimmy Olsen
now investigating the drug scene?
Brenda, l know what's happening.
Oh, my God.
l think l see Kerry Gainer.
Who?
One of my best friends
from San Francisco.
Excuse me. l'll be back.
Em, Em, come on, boogie down.
l don't think so.
l'm not into threesomes.
At least you could have spilled decaf.
lt's lighter.
-lt is not.
- lt is too.
Not. Will you stop?
This is ridiculous. Stop worrying.
l'm sure we're going the right way.
l mean, reasonably sure.
l mean, it's likely that we're
in the right vicinity, more or less.
Andrea, why don't you just admit
that you can't read that thing?
We're totally lost,
totally in the middle of nowhere.
- None of this would have happened--
- All right. Just stop!
Sorry. l get a little excited.
l'm frustrated.
- What do you want from me?
- No, stop the car.
l think that's
the convenience store right over there.
Hi. l'd like to exchange an egg.
You wanna exchange an egg?
Do you have a receipt?
No. Do l need a receipt?
l mean, is that part of the thing?
lt's customary to have a receipt
when you wanna exchange something.
l think we're in the wrong place.
No, no, this is all part of the deal.
l want to exchange an egg.
- Steve, let's go.
- What's wrong with the egg?
- Nothing.
- But you want another?
No, l don't want another egg.
l want information.
Look, l don't know
what you kids are on,
but l'm calling the police.
You know,
l think we're in the wrong place.
Hey, l was beginning to think
you had ditched me.
- Never.
- How's your friend?
Well, it wasn't her,
but l ran into somebody else
and l got something special for you
and for me.
What?
lt's for you and for me.
Well, give me a clue.
l'll just give this to you.
- l don't think so, Em.
- Please?
- l told you, l don't do drugs.
- Neither do l,
but everybody says it's the best way
to bring a new couple closer.
lt's a love drug, babe.
- Aren't you the least bit curious?
- Yes, l'm curious about a lot of things.
l'm curious how l'm gonna look
when l'm 70.
l'm curious if dogs really smile.
l'm curious why l have to study trig.
And you're not curious
about the human mind?
lt doesn't matter if l am or not.
l have no tolerance for chemicals.
l've tried drinking, l totalled my car.
You know, l try this,
what's gonna happen?
Okay, Mr. Perfect,
Mr. Squeaky Clean.
- Emily, come on--
- No, it's okay.
But isn't there any way
we can satisfy that curiosity?
Sure, if some poltergeist
broke into my house
in the middle of the night
and slipped it under my tongue--
- Okay, okay, l get the picture.
- All right.
Heigh-ho, Brand-o!
Would you care for some
of my refreshing refreshment?
Boy, did you pick the wrong guy.
- l'll get you a soda.
- Get out of here.
- Hi.
- How you doing, Silver?
Good. l'm just the... l'm the...
- You're the host who's had the most.
- The host who's had the most, right.
l believe that. l believe that.
What?
What's wrong, don't you like me?
You know what? She likes me.
Donna, she likes me.
Donna, Donna. l told you
we shouldn't have brought him.
Oh, he's just having fun.
Thank you.
- Cheers.
Can l ask you a question?
You know those bumps on top
of your tongue? What are they called?
- Those are your taste buds.
- Oh, yeah.
You know, Em, l feel really good.
l feel really alive.
Yeah, l know.
Was that a kiss? What was that?
Feeling a little euphoric?
- Something like that.
- No, you feel euphoric.
l love you. l knew you'd get off on it.
Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
What's going on here?
You're opening your doors
of perception.
No. No, Emily.
l told you l didn't wanna do drugs.
You said you'd try it
if someone slipped it to you.
Yeah, but l didn't mean it like that.
Well, what's done is done, babe.
You might as well relax, kick back
and wait for the magic to happen.
l just don't wanna flip out.
Well, l won't let you.
Trust me.
Are you sure this says Alvarado?
l don't know.
l'm not up on my hieroglyphics.
You know, Emily could have
drawn us a better map.
There was nothing wrong with her map
until you spilled coffee.
She could have drawn on something
more permanent than a napkin.
l'm sure she went
for whatever was around.
Oh, that's definitely
how she operates.
Please, l don't wanna be catty,
okay?
But it is obvious that the only reason
she joined the paper
was so she could put the moves
on Brandon.
She never gets her stories in on time.
They always have to be worked on.
lt's one thing after another--
Shut up.
Oh, God, David,
l gotta sit down. l'm bushed.
Which one? George or Barbara?
You get it?
George and Barbara Bush.
What's the matter?
Don't you like me?
You know who likes me?
Brenda likes me, huh, Brenda?
Yeah, when you're sober.
You think l'm drunk?
She thinks l'm drunk.
Well, dude, you are drunk.
Okay, well, fine.
lf everybody thinks l'm drunk,
then l might as well
just have another drink.
- Any takers?
- Get that out of my face, all right?
Forty-five minutes
until you turn into a pumpkin.
- Oh, my God. Dylan, we gotta go.
- All right, let's go.
Wait, l gotta go.
You think this place
even has a bathroom?
- l don't know, this place is very weird.
- Yeah, definitely not my scene.
- Oh, my God. Kelly, check it out.
- What?
My brother is dancing.
Well, give the girl some credit.
She finally got him to loosen up.
Come on, let's go outside.
- Come on, lets go.
- Okay.
Enjoy it, Brandon. The first time
you get a rush is always the best.
l thought you said
you never did it before.
All right, maybe you're right.
lf we had started
a couple of hours earlier,
if we hadn't mutilated
the instructions.
But as far as l'm concerned,
this evening has been a total:
How could you say that?
This has been a dream date for me.
Didn't anyone tell you?
Pardon me.
l've gotta see a man about an egg.
Please, let's just go home.
- Forget it.
- Steve, please.
What about
your prize-winning expose?
l think l can live without never
seeing an underground club, okay?
Well, could you live without seeing
Brandon and Emily together?
Steve, how about we just
take me home anytime now, all right?
Fine. You wanna roll over,
play dead, sure.
What am l supposed to do?
l mean,
you see the way he looks at her.
That's because
she's always in his face.
What you've gotta do is
stop apologizing for who you are
and get in the game.
- Steve.
- What?
l just saw a guy with spiked hair
go into that store carrying an egg.
On a scale of one to ten,
ten being the grungiest,
have you ever seen a bathroom
as grungy as that?
Well, yes, once.
ln fifth grade, when we had to--
Excuse me. --visit a chicken farm.
A chicken farm?
Yes, a chicken farm.
What is this?
- Dylan, where's Brandon?
- l don't know.
We wanna leave.
This place is never again.
l know you're in a hurry, but
l'm not leaving here without Brandon.
Fine. Go find him.
l'm gonna go get some air.
- Kelly, wait up.
- Bren, what is the matter with her?
Look, people are smoking crack,
okay? This place is horrible.
All right. Look, go wait outside.
l'll find him.
All right, guys. All aboard.
Train's leaving, let's go.
- ln the nick of time.
- Have you seen Brandon?
Let me ask you guys one question.
How do they get the room
to spin like this?
Come on, man.
- Oh, wait.
- Well, go.
- ls he going to make it?
- No.
Oh, God. You know,
we're never gonna make our curfew.
Well, look,
we found Brandon though.
All right, dude!
Look at that. Party!
Maybe not. Come on.
That's it, man. Get it all out.
Whoa, pizza.
- l'm gonna die.
- You're not gonna die, man.
l swear, you're not gonna die. You'll
probably live to be this stupid again.
Guys, my mom's gonna kill me
if l don't beat her home.
She's gonna ground me forever.
Well, then, Kelly, just go.
We'll be all right.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
l'll call you tomorrow.
Come on, Donna.
No, we can't leave David, Kelly.
There you go, Greeko Suave.
Put his head over the side, please.
Remind me to do this more often.
Bye.
- Drive safe, Kel.
- We will.
All right, let's go get Brandon,
before we miss our curfew.
What are you doing?
lt's almost 1 in the morning.
Actually, it's past 1 in the morning.
l don't know. What are we doing?
l don't know,
but l don't think we're done yet.
Emily's in a very good mood.
- Brandon, are you on something?
- What?
Yeah, the hood of my car,
same as you.
Where did you get that little scar
on your eyebrows? lt's so cute.
l don't believe this.
- Well, hey, Bren, relax. l feel great.
- You feel stoned, man.
Well, you're the expert.
And l mean that in a good way. You
handle your alcohol thing real good.
- Shut up, man.
- So negative, really, man.
- Crashed my buzz.
- Bad vibes, you guys.
- l feel really bad for you.
- Thanks for your sympathy, Emily.
Why don't you guys
just give me the car keys?
l'm not gonna let you
drive yourselves home.
No, Bren, l can't do that,
because, number one,
l'm not ready to leave yet.
And number two,
no offence, but l've seen you drive
and it's not a pretty sight.
Give. Give them.
Here, man, 40 bucks.
Jones, get in a cab.
All right, Dylan.
Cabbage.
Dylan, we can't just leave them.
What if he gets in trouble?
What if he gets hurt?
- Brenda.
- What if he hurts himself?
You don't get it, do you?
He doesn't care. Not right now.
Look at him. He's so high,
he's king of the mountain.
He's got a girl, everything's fine.
Until tomorrow,
when he wakes up feeling like hell
and he'll see
what an ass he made of himself.
You know, l always thought that
if someone would be tempted
to get stoned, it would be you.
Well, l get tempted every day.
Come on.
Oh, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, guys, don't go away mad!
Just go away.
Come on. Come on, lady.
There's no traffic and l get stuck
behind Grandma Moses.
Kelly, your mom
has never been on time in her life.
Don't forget,
l have to drop off your friend.
His mom's house is on the way.
- lt smells like puke in here.
- l don't feel so good.
He is so foul.
- Okay, he made a mistake.
- No, you made a mistake.
He's a dork, a puke-meister.
Yeah, but he's a good dancer.
l'm gonna be grounded for a month
and you know that.
No, l'm not gonna listen to this.
This is silly.
We're gonna be home way
before she will and you know it.
See, l told you
your mom wouldn't be home.
Hi.
ls this what they mean
by being fashionably late?
Hey, this is when the hippest
of the hip arrive.
Don't be a party pooper.
Actually, l think l've had enough
hipness for one evening.
- Andrea, where are you going?
- l'm going inside.
There might be
a major story breaking.
Are you crazy?
Hey, l don't wanna get busted.
What are they gonna bust you for?
Concealing a hard-boiled egg?
Let's go.
Hey, hey, hey, l know you guys.
What are you doing out here?
Where's everybody else?
Oh, God, you guys look great.
l missed you guys.
- l missed--
-What's wrong? You look awful.
- Hey, come on, give me a little kiss.
- Stop it. What's wrong with you?
Where's Kelly
and the other girls? lnside?
- l don't know.
- What do you mean?
- They took off, remember?
- Oh, yeah.
lt's a bust. We've gotta get out of here.
We have to get out!
- l gotta get my-- Where are my keys?
- Hey, hey.
No, no,
they must've fallen on the floor.
Brandon, we don't have time.
We gotta go.
- No, just let me look.
- Look, Brandon, l still have stuff.
- You better get rid of that, real quick.
- l paid 50 bucks for this stuff.
Easy come, easy go.
You can tell that to the cops.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Andrea, Andrea.
Have you ever done Euphoria?
l can't believe this. Who are you?
What did l say?
Hey, what's that?
Brandon.
Brenda, what are you doing up?
lt's almost 6 in the morning.
Waiting up for you.
Every time l heard a car drive by,
l'd run to the window.
Come on, don't stare at me like that.
l feel like hell.
Brandon,
Mom and Dad trusted us
and you totally violated that.
Brenda, l don't need a lecture,
okay?
Did you tell them anything?
Oh, sure,
l woke them up to tell them
that you were too high on drugs
to come home.
Brandon, how could you do that?
ls Emily so important to you that
you'd do anything for her?
No. She slipped me the drug, Bren.
- Come on, Brandon, that's a cop-out.
- She did.
She slipped Euphoria in my drink
after l told her
l wasn't interested in doing any.
But you looked
like you were so into it.
l mean,
didn't you just wanna kill her?
l tried to get angry,
but it was too late.
l totally lost control.
l could see it happening to myself,
but at the time, l just didn't care.
lt wasn't you, Brandon.
People talk about drugs
like they're so cool,
but they're just this big fake-out.
They take away your real emotions
just long enough until you think
the chemical ones are real.
l thought l was having
these great revelations, you know?
But now that l look back on it,
nothing made sense.
l'm just glad that you're home
and that you're okay.
You know, what l was scared about
more than anything
is that l thought
that you had changed.
No. l'm still my same old boring self.
Only now l feel awful.
Oh, God.
l gotta be at the Pit in an hour.
Will you call Dylan for me, see if he'll
come get me to go pick up my car?
l can take you.
No, l think you'd better stay here
in case Mom and Dad wake up.
Oh, man. l knew l shouldn't have left
my car here last night.
- Well, dude, you couldn't--
- Dylan, please.
Don't lecture me
on the evils of drugs, okay?
l don't have to.
l'm just glad
you didn't see yourself last night.
That bad, huh?
Yeah, but l can't believe
she would do that to you.
l mean, that's cold.
She said she thought
it would bring us closer together.
Did it?
Dylan, man, it tore us apart.
So, what are you gonna tell Jimbo
about the 'Stang?
There's no lie
big enough to cover this one.
l'll have to tell him the truth.
Brandon, what were you doing
downtown at 2 in the morning?
l told you, Dad.
We went to this club.
l thought you kids said
you were going to a movie.
- The plans changed.
- l'll say they did.
A lot of things are gonna change
around here after last night.
What were you doing down there
in the first place?
Well, everybody was going.
And you think that makes it all right?
Why'd you have to leave the car
downtown?
Things got a little crazy.
l guess l was too out of it to drive.
- Tell me you weren't drinking.
- l wasn't drinking, l swear.
Well, what then?
Someone put some Euphoria
in my drink.
Euphoria? What's Euphoria?
lt's this drug.
Oh, my God.
Brandon, we weren't born yesterday.
l don't believe that
anybody slipped you anything.
Dad, give me a little credit here.
l may do a lot of idiotic things,
but taking drugs is not one of them.
Brandon,
do you realise how serious this is?
l mean, that stuff
could have been lethal
or lead to some sort of psychosis.
- Let's not go overboard, Mom, okay?
- l'm not.
There were plenty of drugs around
when l was in college.
l've seen a few casualties myself.
Well, l'm fine now, thanks,
except for the worst headache
known to man.
Well, if you didn't take it,
l'd like to know who did this to you.
lt could have been anyone.
l really have no idea.
l'll get it.
What are you doing here?
Look, Brenda,
there's no reason to be upset with me.
Did you see
Brandon's car out there?
Yeah, and l feel terrible.
Where is Brandon?
ln the kitchen,
though l doubt he'll want to see you.
We'll see.
Brandon, your car.
- l can't believe it.
- Me either.
- Emily, what happened last night?
- What do you mean?
Well, Brandon tells us
that someone slipped him drugs.
Yeah, poor Brandon.
He was high as a kite.
l had to spend all last night
just reeling him in.
Why didn't you
drive him home, Em?
You took his keys
when he threatened to drive.
Don't you remember, Brenda?
And then you disappeared
with Dylan.
You left him alone there last night,
Brenda?
Dad, she knew
Emily was taking care of me.
lf it's all the same to you,
this whole experience is a nightmare
l'd just rather forget, okay?
That may not be so easy.
l know, Dad.
Don't worry, l'll pay for everything.
That's what my life is about,
working my butt off to pay
for the damage l inflict on my car.
Now, if you'll all excuse me,
l have to get changed for work.
Honey,
are you sure you're all right?
Maybe we should call a doctor
or something.
Mom, l'm fine.
Poor guy.
Maybe l should go talk to him,
he seems so upset.
Bad headache?
Yeah.
Emily, Emily, you can't--
You can't fix it like that.
Come on,
you had a good time last night.
Yeah, but l told you l wasn't into it.
How could you mess with my mind
like that?
l was just trying to loosen you up.
l'm sorry.
l had no idea
you'd get so bent out of shape.
How am l ever
supposed to trust you again?
You tell me that.
First you tell me
you haven't done Euphoria,
then you tell me you have.
What's the truth?
Look, Brandon, l just thought
doing Euphoria would
bring us closer together.
Well, you thought wrong, all right?
You bought some strange drug
from some strange guy
and slipped it in my drink.
All you got out of me
was a chemical reaction, that's it.
l'm sorry, for everything.
l'll pay for your car.
l don't want your money, Emily.
ln fact,
l don't want anything to do with you.
Can't l make a mistake?
Not everyone's as perfect as you are,
Brandon.
l'm not perfect. l'm just honest.
When l told you
l didn't wanna do Euphoria, l meant it.
- Next time, l'll know.
- There isn't gonna be a next time.
l just need some space, all right?
l need some time to sort all this out.
- How long?
- As long as it takes.
Do you remember the stuff
you said to me last night, Brandon?
Let me refresh your memory.
You said:
''l have never had such intense
feelings for any girl in my life.''
Yeah, well,
l must have been on drugs.
Hey. l'm glad you're here.
Yeah, me too.
l was really--
l was really worried about you--
Hey, l'm sorry
you had to see me like that last night.
That wasn't you.
Andrea, you have no idea
what really happened last night.
- l'm all ears.
- Someday.
Andrea, what do you do
when you find out that
someone you care for isn't the person
you thought they were at all?
Brand-o,
there's something l wanna show you.
Brandon, this is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
And this is your brain on drugs after
a Friday night with Emily Valentine.
Any questions?
Yeah, can l get some bacon
and toast with this?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org